Congratulations!  You have been granted immortality on Archipelago.
There are a number of basic rules that we ask our immortals to follow.

1 - No helping the mortals.  Helping includes casting spells on mortals, giving 
hints as to the location of zones and items, opening or giving the names of 
secret doors, loading or stealing equipment, wounding mobs, forcing mobs to 
fight other mobs, forcing mobs to drop equipment or pick up and wear cursed
items, giving money to mortals, and transporting player to mobs or mobs to 
players.

2 - No hindering mortals.  Hindering includes casting detrimental spells on
mortals, beneficial spells on mobs, transing mortals to aggressive areas,
poisoning food and/or water, transing a mob from it's normal location to an
inaccessible one, removing equipment from a mob that a player is trying to 
kill.  

3 - Switching.  If you have access to the switch command, you can make use of 
this to liven up the game.  Mobs that have access to spells will autocast.
Please do not cast additional spells on them.  You are encouraged to play
mobs intelligently.  If you abuse the use of the switch command, it will
either be taken away from you or you may be demoted.

4 - Your own mortals.  You are not to have your own mortals on at the same time
as your immortal without express permission from one of the implementors.  
Builders *may* receive standing permission to use a mortal for testing their
own zone.  If you don't have permission, you run the risk of being demoted
or deleted.  If we catch you helping your own mortals in any way, you will
be deleted.  They gain more than enough help from the added insight you gain
into the game with your immortal.  Helping your own mortal, depending upon
the circumstances, can include exploring zones in your immortal.

These rules may seem harsh, but they are designed to give everyone a fair
chance at the game.  If you run around helping out your friends and hindering 
your enemies, you are preventing this from happening.  
Punishments will hopefully be appropriate to the offense.  Punishments
may range from probation to loss of commands to demotion or deletion.
Repeated infractions will lead to deletion.


