NEW PLAYERS READ THIS:
Type beg for 3000 free experience. Any time you drop below 3000 exp you can
beg. Then go to a guild and "gain". I suggest you check all the guilds before
you practice - just to see what skills are available to you. You can only
practice warrior skills in the warrior guild, mage skills in the mage guild
etc..

Weapon proficiencies:
We now have weapon proficiencies. Type prof to see what proficiencies you have.
to improve your weapon proficiencies go to the warrior guild and type prof.
then e.g.:

prof 120 hammer

to improve your hammer proficiency. Improving weapon proficiencies costs
practice sessions in the same way the skills and spells do. Your weapon
proficiency may increase gradually over time, as you fight.

Weapon sizes (still testing):

Weapons have sizes and are size limited. Thus if you are e.g. a pixie
and classed as tiny or very small, you might still be able to wield a
normal sized sword - but you would have to use two hands thus it becomes
classified as a 2h-sword for weapon proficiency checks. Similarly a giant
say sived Huge or very large might be able to wield a normal or small
two-handed sword single handed and again the weapon proficiency used is
that of a single handed sword.

Note that if you wield a weapon 2-handed then the weight of the weapon
is halved for weapon speed purposes.

comments and bugs to the bulletin boards please..

*** New in July ***
11th
NOTE!! I had an accident with the player file and had to recover from a backup
I made 12 days ago - any characters made since then are gone I'm afraid.
14th
Offensive clerical spells are not so effective anymore.
15th
Titles have been changed. Read the note on the mortal board. If your title is
screwed up use the title command with no argument.
26th
Online creation/building is now complete if you want to be considered for a building
post contact a senior immortal.
Normally we will need a brief outline of what you want to build - and talk it over
with you. Previous building experence an advantage...

