			NEWS OF THE ARCHIPELAGO
		as presented by Dafyd ap Owen, Bard of Lamman

Much has changed since I first began my travels in lands surrounding Lamman.
When I first began my journeys as a mere apprentice with my master, Corwin
ap Math, the land was barren and little different from the countless other
lands I had seen.  Slowly, through the efforts of the creators, the world
about me has begun to take on a different tenor.

The lands of the Archipelago are no longer as rigid as they once were with
respect to classes.  Many of the professional guilds have thrown open to
all comers.  Any one may now attempt to learn any skill.  The difficulty
in learning skills is, naturally, determined by your own natural abilities.
A youth who wishes to use magic, but who is better suited to the role of
a thief, will spend a great deal of effort to learn even simple spells.
There are a great number of guildmasters who can teach various skills.  Some
of these are to be found in the towns, but tales have come to my ears of
guildmasters wandering in the wilds.  What or who they seek there is not
known.

Perhaps these wandering guildmasters wish to find the ends of the world.  I
know that in my stay here, the world seems to have greatly expanded as new 
islands are discovered and additional territory on the main island is
explored.  There are wonderous places to visit in the sea and sky as well
as on land.  Dark, foul areas of the world hide among the ruins of the old
civilizations while hardy young towns spring up across the isles.  The lands
are still somewhat wild, but the taming of the lands shall be the deed of
great heroes.

Many other changes have recently come to my attention.  A man by the name of
Jack Weatherford has recently learned to tame the beasts and even to ride
upon their backs.  This most unusual development allows you to travel much
farther than was possible previously.  With this change, a master of beasts
can guide his horse and cart by sitting upon the horse's back while the
horse continues to pull the cart.

I have heard many a strange tale of bottles in which a man can be placed and
can be carried across the world.  I must, at least for now, dismiss this as
a mere child's fairy tale.  I've yet to hear this from a reliable witness.
I promise to go out and find myself a bottle as soon as I finish my tale and 
test this out.  I hear that the Black Pig carries a strong ale.

Another unusual change that has been wrought by the creators is the variation
in illumination.  Unlike most worlds that I have visited, the sun, moon and
even lanterns have an affect on how much and what you can see.  I can only
hope that the creators will listen to our pleas and adjust these until all
the effects work out properly.

			Dafyd ap Owen, Bard of Lamman

